[Music]
[Applause]
oh I don't think we're in lip wax
anymore
[Music]
holy cow look at all this stuff this is
the most beautiful miracle I've ever
seen but it's so big I'm sure there's
someone out here could give us
directions hey guy he's got on one of
those hats at smart people where I bet
he can help us come on I'm sure there's
someone out here could give us
directions oh look at that little guy
he's got more of those hats at smart
people where I bet he can help us come
on oh hello sir interesting you don't
seem to have a search history well let's
start one for you what can knows more
help you find today Oh umbrella umbrage
Oh mommy and the whole know is art no
doubt Nordstrom ergonomics Urban
Outfitters your cool looks like no one
put Humpty Dumpty together again this
guy's a little soft boil just trying to
guess what you're gonna say yes I'm
sorry but my autofill is a touch
aggressive today let me try eBay sugar
rush steering wheel I only found one
result for your query
isn't that interesting it's very
intuitive
thank you mister knows more well you're
welcome who the man was the undulating
jowls grab him a drink yeah this lady
named shape she actually made the video
she's the one who told us to come see
you
no wonder your videos so don't shank is
for real cool right
she is not I'm the cool one getting all
the hearts you big baby
Ralph wreck-it Ralph
well
Ralph you are trending and these are for
you
[Music]
[Applause]
she's gonna be honest
I believe you have something of mine
[Music]
and now a special look at Ralph breaks
the Internet the Internet
[Music]
wanna get rich playing video games all
right slaughter race it is wicked
dangerous who are you
I think we should get out of here
this car is not designed for a big boy
you try
I give my mommy a key she turned into a
Begbie emoji tried to do then is no pure
mess I don't know why he can't
understand her she's from the other
studio the Internet
[Music]
holy cow
wanna get rich playing video games
slaughter race it is wicked dangerous
tension to details pretty impressive
[Music]
I love it here it's full of weirdos you
never know what's gonna happen next
oh you got a ample carriage there buster
Carson a little drag sorry you're
getting close to the edge you see the
edge Ralph breaks the internet rated PG
November 21st well there's not one thing
about your life you would change
nope I was very excited to get back in
the saddle on this one Ralph and
vanellope are best friends in the arcade
and because the steering wheel of
vanilla peas game breaks Oh suddenly
Ralph and vanellope have to figure out
oh how do we get this part to fix their
game fine apart everything goes back
through the way or what look Ralph loves
predictable days the internet scares him
because it disrupts what is normal for
him I just got here right now where
Penelope craves excitement want to get
rich playing video games slaughtering is
wicked dangerous Showtime that's right
shank is played by a gal gadot she is
the leader of this racing game which is
thrilling to vanellope wasn't changed
the coolest person you ever met a man
cool friend about it looks cool if
drives cooler Harry's cooler car is
closed do you see my hair isn't cool
Ralph wreck-it Ralph well you are
trending gasps is the head algorithm of
a very popular website called buzz - who
knew there's so many babies and cats in
the world
vanellope starts to steal I've been
living the sort of preschool classroom I
could be out at college they're always
learning and growing and their
experiences with it good and bad changes
both of them forever
law saying best friends have to have the
same dreams we came here to save your
game and that's what we're gonna do
place was a good idea yeah all right
let's get you plugged in with E or is it
wifey
why don't we just go in and we are
online
cool
we are going to the super excited
is one minor thing what is the internet
holy cow look at all this stuff these 10
child stars went to prison number six
will amaze you
redirected to eBay ladies and gentlemen
our next item up a black velvet painting
of a sorrowful kitten it's like it's
looking into my soul yeah that one's
really gonna haunt me for a while
[Music]
Thank You Lucy
good see I don't understand why people
like this game raised in Boots sake
[Music]
let's speed it up pick it Peggy Peggy
Peggy in the kitty for a little Maya no
the kitty gets the milkshake the bunny
[Music]
start turning buttock and put on your
church shoes little sister cuz we're
about to blast off what is it you're
trying to say we're going on the
Internet
[Music]
this is the most beautiful miracle I've
ever seen
welcome to the search bar what can I
help you find today
Oh umbrella Umbridge Oh mommy no no is
art no doubt Nordstrom Rack economics
Urban Outfitters oh cool I'm pretty sure
he's just trying to guess what you're
gonna say my auto failures to touch
aggressive today let me try
take me to a website that's super
intense and really nuts
oh I only found one result come on
princesses and cartoon characters
[Music]
ladies I'm a princess too what kind of a
princess are you huh do you have magic
hair no magic hands
no do animals talk to you no boy are you
Paul is no cursed no kidnapped ring
slave no are you guys okay call the
police
do people assume all your problems got
solved because a big strong man showed
up breaks the internet shouldn't be Ralf
Rex the Internet yes since he is
wreckit-ralph uh yeah but break the
internet it's like a thing right it's
just wreck seeing it kind of sounds
better doesn't it you're not wrong way
to go kid
one second I'm having the time of my
life explain I know my game is just rude
on
cigarettes is getting up one
Oh No I'm freaking out arde
I'm not a racer what am i my best friend
all I gotta do is find the part to fix
the game everything goes back to the way
it was where are we gonna find that yeah
[Music]
my wallet my house what a meet you know
wanna get rich playing video games
slaughter race he's wicked dangerous
attention to details pretty impressive
well well well who are you I think we
should get out of here
Showtime that's right
[Music]
love it here whoo there's so many babies
and cats in the world
want this to be my life
I don't think I could ever tell her Alf
there's no law saying best friends have
to have the same dreams
[Music]
this is what's called the darknet are
you sure this is safe just whatever you
do do not look at his little brother
[Music]
what are you doing here hmm
the reason I came to your neck of the
face I mean there's a face in your neck
I mean what's next
[Music]
the reason I came to your neck of the
face ah I mean there's a face in your
neck ah I mean woods neck of the woods
the reason I'm here is because I well I
heard a little tumor I rumor I heard a
rumor well you could give me kind of a
harmless virus kind of thing that might
be able to slow down the slot erase game
this is a very emotional scene vanellope
has just lost her game and you are not
particularly aware of her emotional
state so you sort of moronically bumble
up onto the rooftop ignoring her state
of mind which is a bit of it you think
it's gonna be great
existential malaise for you ma'am
existential malaise but you're ready to
party can't believe I don't have a game
anymore I mean like what am I gonna do
all day come on are you kidding you
sleep in you do no work then you go to
tappers with me every night I've
literally just described paradise but I
loved my game so they've decided they're
going to go to the Internet to fix that
the es steering wheel on Penelope's game
and they're gonna get a new replacement
one at eBay so this is the scene in
which they enter into the the Wi-Fi
router for the first time the sweet echo
check this out
so we find vanilla-bean kind of out on
the street of the Internet at this
puddle of water and she's trying to coax
this this song to come out that the
princesses have promised that every
princess has inside of them I'm
reflecting what is it that I want okay
what is that I want what is my quest Wow
like I can't believe it I get to go I
get to go home so uh all right I guess
that's it I guess I just I just wanted a
steering wheel and now I got it
so whoohoo
Lottery's excellent really good I think
one takes over me that's what we call
her okay
this man is on fire literal and
figurative fire but he still needs 200
million hearts in the next five hours or
this beautiful child loses her cane
that's why I'm on to phase two and you
might leak pop-up army I need you out
there popping up and getting clicks all
over the Internet I'm talking tumblr
Instagram Mashable be my Pied Pipers and
leave that beautiful traffic to buzz too
because wrecking Ralph needs your hearts
yo Ralph you in here dude hey I got to
show you
Oh Ralph first rule of the Internet do
not read the comments I should have told
you that look this place can bring out
the worst in some people but you gotta
ignore all this this isn't about you
Ralph
it's about them congratulations Rob you
did it what really yes check your fuzzy
account you needed 27k you got over 30
grand oh my gosh this is great thank you
yes I couldn't have done it without you
that's really true
[Music]